hardship tour is called a hardship tour. For that reason, it's gonna be
hard. They're different flavors of hardship tour in different locations,
some. Sometimes it involves separation from your family for a
significant period of time. Um, but you know it. The only advice I
can I can really give is that it is probably for a short period of time.
And you could feel that you need to make sure that your family
is well set up so that if problems occur, they can more easily deal
with him. As best as you can tell. I can guarantee you that no matter
what, uh, the it will be hard for them. But it was good. And it's
gonna mean the very nature of the Navy and the deployment schedules
and things like that. It's gonna make it hard on the family anyway.